[docs] Fix formatting and indentation (#5148)
gravitational/teleport: docs/5.0/config-reference.md

    #    "off"   : session recording is turned off
    #
    # EXPERIMENTAL *-sync modes
    # Proxy and node send logs directly to S3 or other storage without
    # storing the records on disk at all. *-sync requires all nodes to be
    # upgraded to 4.4.
    #

>     #    "node-sync" : sessions recording will be streamed from node -> auth -> storage service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #    "node-sync" : session recordings will be streamed from node -> auth -> storage service
```

>     #    "proxy-sync : sessions recording will be streamed from proxy -> auth -> storage service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #    "proxy-sync : session recordings will be streamed from proxy -> auth -> storage service
```

# This section configures the 'application service'
app_service:
    # Turns 'app' role on. Default is 'no'
    enabled: yes

>     # We've a small debug app that can be used to make sure application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Teleport contains a small debug app that can be used to make sure Application
```

>     # Access is working correctly. It'll output JWTs so it can be useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Access is working correctly. The app outputs JWTs so it can be useful
```
